There can be n number of db
where each db can have any number of tables,each table may have any number of rows and coloumns
[coloum indicates propretyies ]
[row indicates value set]
each coloumn is termed as attribute 
and each row is called as tuple
any db connection requires to have a proper connection establish with the relevent drivers called 
database drivesrs [db drivers are diffrent for diffrent for diffren servers Mysql ex mysql server can 
be identified by the drivers url count.mysql.jdbc.Driver where in the whole 0f url D id capital
inbuilt functions like get connection which requires the database driver url 

db drivers

driver is interface btwn application and database
4 types of db drivers 
type 1 is called as odbc object database connectivity c written
type 2 is called as gdbc-odbc driver java data base connectivity c++
type 3 is called native driver written in java 

type 4 used by administrators thin driver written in java 

connectivity 
for conneting to the database through type 3 driver any application requires
the following steps:
	1 . Load the db driver this can be done in a java progrm by using a method
	forName avalable in an inbuilt class called Class which is avalable in java.sql package
	ex: class.forName(driver) 
	2. once the driver is loaded every driver has a static Class  called driver manager
	which intern has a method called getconnection() which accepts three diffrent
	parameters 1. databaseURL
		  2. username
		  3. password 
among the 3 the seond and third are optional.....
so getconnection has 3 overloaded methods
		1. getconnection(DBURL)
		2. getconnection(DBUSERNAME)
		3. getconnection(DBPASSWORD)
Get connection returns an  object of connection class ex: 
------Connection conn =Driver manager.getconnection(DBURL,USERNAME,PASSWORD);---
	3. ONCE connected to the database we will have connection object , using which we 
	will write any kind of "CRUD" this crud operation are written as sql- and are written 
	as part of java program using a method called preparedstateemnt or a method called 
	create statement present inside and interface called statement 
	ex: statement stmt = conn.createstatement(sql)
sql :- C   create databse or create table.
         R   Select * from table;
         U   Update table set ____ where ____;
         D   Delete or Drop delete from table where _____;
	

	4. using a statement object apply exectution of object sql query 
		1 if we require select queryy to be exiuted then statement object is used to call 
		   execute query method on the select statemnet which returns a result set
		    (collection of rows and cloumns) Result rs=stmt.exicutequery(select)
		2. if we requiere to exicute insert query delete query drop query or update query 
		    then statemnet obj clls a method called exicute update on any of the 4 queries 
		    which returns an intiger that stores no of rows affected 
	5. close the connection to the db this can be done using con.close()


Q write the java program to show the connection establishment and closing of the connection to a database 
of my sql instance bookdb which contains a table by name bookinfo (title:string, id:initiger, author:string
price:float)

requirment.....
mysql
databse 
wamp ser
